DEVDOCS-3876 Update app guide with MSF app profile options (#1549)
bigcommerce/dev-docs: docs/msf/msf-app-compatibility.md

> In testing, make sure that users can install and load the app in a store with multiple BigCommerce storefront channels. Use the [Channels API](/api-reference/store-management/channels) to work with basic data about the store's channels. Use the [Sites API](/api-reference/store-management/sites) to work with the channels' sites.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In testing, ensure that users can install and load the app in a store with multiple BigCommerce storefront channels. Use the [Channels API](/api-reference/store-management/channels) to work with basic data about the store's channels. Use the [Sites API](/api-reference/store-management/sites) to work with the channels' sites.
```

Author: decline.
